Critical Thinking: Two Kinds of People

Prompt: "My grandfather once told me that there were two kinds of people: those who do the work, and those who take the credit. He told me to try and be in the first group; there was much less competition." This quote is attributed to Indira Gandhi, former Prime Minister of India. Think about what is meant by the quote and how it might apply to someone you know. Write a thoughtful composition exploring the meaning of this statement and give examples of instances in your own life or someone else's when this may have applied


What does the quote mean?
In our world, many people are always trying to position themselves so that they were responsible when something succeeded and that their opponent or unforseen forces were responsible when something fails. In this world of derived work,...

In the modern world, this proverb is starting to be less accurate. Things that were once considered to be the only true kind of work: the repetitive, gruelling, and hazardous jobs that only the hardest workers did; they were the first jobs to be replaced by technology. The designers, engineers, salesmen, linguists, and entrepreneurs, jobs once considered to take the credit of the hard workers, are becoming the most basic tier of human labor.

Patent Troll as Example

Humble Worker, greedy Boss; Bad acting; 

attribution and licensing

Tivoization



To whom does the quote apply? How?



Examples in your life or someone else’s life:



Essay Actual:

When an economic activity is modernized, it moves away from people doing the actual work in one or both of two directions: Automation and Speculation.
When an activity becomes automated, it exchanges the original requirement of human labor for a combined requirement of capital and electricity and only requires human labor for maintenance.


When an economic activity is modernized, it moves away from people doing the actual work in one or both of two directions, which are best described through calculus: Integration and Derivation (Differention).
Integration occurs when a process becomes automated, …
Differention = 
Integration = 

Measurement of work done/required: the Man-Hour
Measurement of worker efficiency: {avg. Man-Hours} per Hour = How much work one can do compared to the average man
Measurement of accomplishment: Man-Hour-Hour = number of actions
