[unfinished]

Course Goals Project - Actual

1  •Show genuine concern for the feelings and thoughts of others and seek to act on that
	concern (service learning)
2  •Apply basic communication skills (eye contact, body language, etc)
3  •Display appreciation for differing opinions by exhibiting respect for others' 		viewpoints
4  •Seek to understand others' views
5  •Present own views in an appropriate manner
6  •Contribute positively to classroom discussions and projects
7  •Connects and applies past knowledge to new learning
8  •Asks questions about information presented and carefully examines different ways of 	thinking

3  •Display appreciation for differing opinions by exhibiting respect for others' 		viewpoints
	There's a good philosophy (of the type taught by mothers and other wise (wo)men,
not of type used by Lucy of Peanuts) that prescribes the second best way to comply with
this Goal (the first will come in the next paragraph): "Don't talk about politics or
religion with your friends or family, else they won't be for very long." Unless you are
very PC and/or you know, not think but actually know, that you know what you're talking
about, be very careful who you talk with about controversial or subjective topics.

4•  Seek to understand others' views:
	This is the best way to follow Goal 3, and is well summed up by a piece of advice
commonly found on /b/: "Lurk Moar." It means that the advise-ed should lurk, or watch
without interfering or participating, moar (a bastardization of the word more) before they
try to participate in whatever happens to be going on, typically because they do not have
enough understanding about what is going on and/or what the dynamics of the conversation
are to be able to participate without acting like a t0ta1 n00b. Applied to the real world
or more generally, it can mean that the advise-ed should: try to understand what others
consider important, "where they are coming from," what they see as they see it, their
reasons for doing something, their thought process, and how they come to their conclusions
before they make a fool or bigot of themselves.

7  •Connects and applies past knowledge to new learning
	Test what you are learning with what you know. Find where the two intersect. Reduce what you learned to a method or a fact from what you are learning, figure out the conditions/context it's used in (calculate the metadata), find similar contexts or even extremely different contexts, and try it there. (in computer programming, these methods are known as libs or libraries, they're great for ad-libbing)

8  •Asks questions about information presented and carefully examines different ways of 	thinking
	Critique and audit what you hear, don't just take someone's word for it (maybe unless others have already done so and there exists enough trust/security that they did so sufficiently, a.k.a. web of trust). Reduce information into multiple, small statements (small so that they are easy to evaluate, multiple so as to make up for the inaccuracies of simplification) and test the individual statements, the interactions of the statements, and the conclusions for fallacies, non-sequitur, bias/pre-determination, and provability.