Critical Thinking: Two Kinds of People

Prompt: "My grandfather once told me that there were two kinds of people: those who do the work, and those who take the credit. He told me to try and be in the first group; there was much less competition." This quote is attributed to Indira Gandhi, former Prime Minister of India. Think about what is meant by the quote and how it might apply to someone you know. Write a thoughtful composition exploring the meaning of this statement and give examples of instances in your own life or someone else's when this may have applied


What does the quote mean?
In our world, many people are always trying to position themselves so that they were responsible when something succeeded and that their opponent or unforseen forces were responsible when something fails. In this world of derived work,...

	One of the easiest ways to categorize people is by their effort: those that do effort, the Workers, and those that fake it, the Fakers. But fake effort doesn't produce many results, so if the Boss-Man sees a lot of effort, but not enough results to show for it, he'll start investigating. So at any given moment, there must be a minimum ratio of Workers to Fakers; and if the Ratio gets too high, either from Worker defection or new Fakers, or if the Boss-Man decides to have a random inspection, then a reckoning occurs, and the Fakers will be wiped out.
	Fakers have to be good at faking, and the ultimate form of the art of faking is finding a way to fake while still producing results more than the workers, technically making these Productive-Fakers a better Worker than the Workers. These Productive-Fakers are actually the source of most, if not all, innovation, since they make it easier to produce results.
	One of the innovations produced by these Productive-Fakers is automation, which inflates the Ratio with fake workers, a.k.a. robots, so that, if there are enough robots per capita, they allow everybody to be a Faker. At least until the Boss-Man figures out that all his Workers are robots and decides that the humans are no longer necessary. 



	In the modern world, this proverb is starting to be less accurate. Things that were once considered to be the only true kind of work: the repetitive, gruelling, and hazardous jobs that only the hardest workers did; they were the first jobs to be replaced by technology. Robots are great for doing the same thing over and over again, Power Tools and heavy duty machinery do all the heavy lifting, and disposable Remote Controlled Robots do most of the dangerous jobs, if advances in technology have not otherwise made the job safer. The designers, engineers, salesmen, linguists, and entrepreneurs, jobs once considered to take the credit of the hard workers or at least only requiring moderate amounts of work, are becoming the most basic tier of human labor. 
	So now that, for this Essay at least, the definition of "those who do the work" is updated, the definition of "those who take the credit" should be updated too. About half or more of them are the same people that have almost always been classified as "those who take the credit": politicians, executives, lawyers, celebrities, and those born with mouth Silver-Spooned. But technology has also brought more work to take the credit of and more opportunities to take it: Script-Kiddies, DMCA Extortion, Botnets, ISP/Mobile Cartels, Patent/Copyright Trolls, SLAPPs, and Copypasta 

Patent Troll as Example

Humble Worker, greedy Boss; Bad acting; 

attribution and licensing

Tivoization



To whom does the quote apply? How?



Examples in your life or someone else’s life:



Essay Actual:

When an economic activity is modernized, it moves away from people doing the actual work in one or both of two directions: Automation and Speculation.
When an activity becomes automated, it exchanges the original requirement of human labor for a combined requirement of capital and electricity and only requires human labor for maintenance.


When an economic activity is modernized, it moves away from people doing the actual work in one or both of two directions, which are best described through calculus: Integration and Derivation (Differention).
Integration occurs when a process becomes automated, …
Differention = 
Integration = 

Measurement of work done/required: the Man-Hour
Measurement of worker efficiency: {avg. Man-Hours} per Hour = How much work one can do compared to the average man
Measurement of accomplishment: Man-Hour-Hour = number of actions
